Previously
onRoswell, New Mexico...
MARIA:
I saw this coffin, and I think
someone's gonna die.
Someone's getting murdered.
No! No!Stop!
ISOBEL:
What did he do to you?
He told me I'm a clone.
What are you keeping from us?I'm dying.
Valenti did a transplant.
It's better.
And my body's rejecting it.
I keep hoping
Alex will pop in with some
medical textbook on you,
but there's nobody
from your planet to ask
about how you work.
Howdy, partner.
Jumper cables
should do the trick.
No, he'd just
pass out again. My guess?
Jones hasn't been hydrated
in 70 years.
You want the evil alien
to take us seriously?
You bring in the big guns.
You meant a literal gun.
Of course.First, we get answers.
Then we pop his ticker
in a cooler,
and we call it a day.
We can't just kill an alien
who claims to come in peace.
I mean, first of all,
it's too ironic.
Am I the only one
who read Tripp's journals?
Or did you
somehow forget
that he crashed our spaceship
and he ruined
our mothers' lives?
Okay, so, if Jones deserved
to die back in 1948,
why did our mothers
leave him in that pod?
You know, call me old-fashioned,
but before I off a man,
I like to cross my T's
and dot my I's.
Mm.
And how you gonna do that
exactly?
You gonna set him free,
see if he gets inside your head
and makes you murder
a couple of teen girls?
[scoffs]
I'm sorry, Iz.
But it's true.
Noah was bad,
Jones is worse.
For once, we have
the upper hand.
So let's go find out
where we came from
and save Max's
stupid life again.
We are in literal alien
territory right now, Michael.
We need to keep our guards up.
Let him reveal his strategy,
and then use it against him.
Checkmate.
Okay, Bobby Fischer.
Just remember:
it's him, or it's Max.
No matter what we do,
one of them's not getting out
of this alive.
[scoffs]
♪
JONES: In your language, our
planet was called "The Oasis."
And while Earth has its charms,
our world has a bit more
of a twinkle in her eye.
At least it did
until there was
a reckoning of sorts.
A shift in ideals, which
left us all with a choice--
adapt...
[squeaking]
...or run for the hills
and hope
The Dictator didn't find us.
Your mothers,
The Engineer and The Empath,
chose to hide underground.
There, they forged
The Resistance,
in the hopes of regaining
the world they had lost.
Eventually, they realized
they'd never be able
to put down The Dictator,
so they decided
to plan their escape instead.
[whooshing]
They figured out
how to build a ship
and travel to another world,
sure that it would be better
than the one they knew.
I guess you already know...
they were wrong.
So while the rebels were
building their ship,
where were you?
Easy. He was one of
The Dictator's evil henchmen.
JONES:
No.
I was his prisoner.
But you're partially right.
I was also his secret weapon.
Not that I had a choice.[sighs]
What did you do
for The Dictator?
[sighs]
Are you sure you want
to hear this, darlin'?
Why wouldn't we?
Because you're not gonna like
what I have to say.
["Hard World"
by The Trigger Code playing]
♪ Well, Davy had a daddy
♪ Who had trouble standing
on his own two feet ♪
♪ After the factory
closed down... ♪
[clears throat]
This is exactly
what it looks like.
Like someone
I just met last night,
reading my manuscript before
I've had a chance proofread it?
I couldn't help it.
I was making a
silent escape...
"Escape" is a little insulting.
But then I saw it,
just sitting here,
right out in the open,
and I thought,
"Ah, this is
gonna be good."
Good like terrible.
Terrible like
fun to quote to my friends.
Okay, well, now we're getting
to medium insulting.
But three sentences in,
I was hooked.
You're legit good,
and it's offensive.
Oh. Uh, that's...
Thank you.
Sure thing.
♪ Yeah, Davy got to leavin'...
[clears throat]
And thanks for the sex.
It actually wasn't bad.
See you never.
♪ She blew
across the mountains ♪
♪ Only to break down
in the valley... ♪
Wow.
Is that eggs?
[laughs]
♪ You can't be sure
how things will be... ♪
In my defense, I did look
for frozen waffles first.
I-I'm actually quite good
at frozen waffles,
but you have, like,
zero food here.
Thank you so much for the...
the eggs and ashes,
but we, um...No, I know.
Breakfast was weird.
I guess I just thought if you
woke up alone that you might
feel used and...
Well, now I'm just realizing
that it seems like
I'm obsessed with you.
About last night...
Mm, yes.
On a scale of
"colossal mistake"
to "ruined for
other men forever"?
How about I just see you
at work?
Yeah.
Cool.
Oh, uh, sorry.
Small thing.Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna need my shirt back.
Right.
♪ There's just something
about them scars. ♪
WOMAN [over P.A.]:
Dr. Simms, call Recovery.
[door opens]
Okay. Scans look good,
blood work's good.
Cognition seems
normal... for you.
Retrograde amnesia
is usually temporary.
Standard recommendation is
to stick to your usual routine.
Who knows?
Maybe you'll be riding your
leopard-print Jet Ski one day,
and boom, you'll remember
the last ten years.
I have a
leopard-print Jet Ski?
Are you listening, Long?
You need to do the things
you used to do,
spend time
with the people you know.
Thought I knew her.
She brought me here.
Your friends aren't hard
to find.
Just look for any dick waving
a Confederate flag.
Okay, uh, things are fuzzy,
but the South lost the war?Well, it depends
how far you fall down the
Reddit thread. [clears throat]
We're done here.
WOMAN [over P.A.]:
Labs, pick up 331.
Uh, hey, thanks
again for...
Your dad's waiting for you
at the nurse's
station, Long.
[door opens, closes]
What happened
to that Valenti bedside manner
that I've heard
so much about?
It's reserved for people who
don't pull guns on my sister.
Do you think he's gonna get
his memories back?
When Cameron got dosed
with Butyricol,
she lost a month's worth
of memory for good.
Wyatt got her dose
multiplied by a hundred.
Consider the trash can emptied.
I really didn't mean
to erase his whole life.
You know, like, he-he just...
uh, he came at me,
and I just panicked, and I...
Whoa, whoa,
do not feel bad.
Long's the guy
who thought it was funny
to tape a "whites only" sign
above a drinking fountain.
The less information he has,
the better.
[sighs]
[beeping, trilling]
Oh, God.
Talk about a crash landing.
[knocking]
Mom.
Hey.
I thought you were packing.
Well, I wanted to see you
in your white coat
one last time before I left.
And... I brought you something.
Whoa.
I remember this.
It was your dad's.
His uncle stayed
in Mexico when the rest
of the family came over, and
he used to carve these things.
He always said,
"Music leads your heart
where it needs to go."
That's what Dad said
when I couldn't
decide on med schools.
Oh.
He told me to give it
to you, at the end,
but he couldn't remember
where it was.
I found it when I was packing
behind a file cabinet
under a pair of pants.
I know you think your father
had all the answers, Kyle,
but he didn't.
He was just figuring it out
like the rest of us.
Um... I'm sorry
about the election.
Yeah.Well...
I'm sorry about this town.
It's lost its way.
I mean, part of me wants
to stick around and-and try
to fix things, but...
our family has done enough
for this place.
I hope you realize that, Kyle.
[phone dings]
I came as soon as I could.
Are you okay?
Well, four men
held me at gunpoint.
They stole a week's
worth of cash.
They smashed half
of my booze.
Tried to do the same to my head.
Why didn't you come
to the hospital?
We need to do scans.No.
Not now. Listen, I need
your help with something else.
She had a vision.
She wanted to wait
till you got here.
What could be more important
than a potential brain injury?
Well, for starters...
...I think someone's
getting murdered.
[exhales] Sometimes
it's the simple things
that feel like
a rainstorm in July.
If only you could've
brought me a beer.
If only you could
get back to the story.
When I realized what I was,
I was seven or so.
Lots of us had abilities, but...
...to hold life in your hands...
...to defy fate...
...that was...
unimaginable.
It wasn't long
until The Dictator came
and rounded me up.
And he took you
to supervillain summer camp?
Hmm, not exactly.
What did he want with you?
What do you think?
See, it turned out
that if I healed too much,
I would get sick.
Max, too.
Then what?
You started killing people
to keep your strength up?
I told him I wouldn't do it.
[scoffs]
Hard to believe.
He tortured my parents.
The day he killed them,
a part of me died, too.Yeah?
Welcome to the Our Parents
Died Horribly Club.
So, what changed?
Well, I was saving lives
every day.
[inhales]
But the price was too high.
I... [exhales]
I hated myself.
I was fighting
someone else's war
on someone else's
terms.
Until, one day, I found
something I wanted to fight for.
Somebody I wanted to save.
Max.
♪
[insects trilling]
[door hissing]
[clears throat]
Afghanistan?
Yes, sir.
Two tours.
Four.
Heard there's a psych eval.
It's supposed to be brutal.
Who told you that, sir?
[coughs]
Does it feel warm to you?
[rapid beeping]
That can't be good.
Looks like they cut off
the air supply.
[exhales]
Best guess,
we got about three hours
to figure out an exit.
[soft whooshing]
I'd say we have significantly
less time than that.
They didn't just cut
off the air supply.
They're actively sucking
it out of the room.
[exhales] Your eyes
are a little dilated.
Listen, I only had
a narrow view, okay?
I think-- I think
my vision was limited
by what I was actually seeing
in that exact moment.
So, on your left is Alex,
and he says,
"This is like Noah
all over again.
We're protecting a murderer."
You're sure I was there?
[exhales]
Damn it.
Uh, it doesn't make
any sense.
I mean, this was supposed
to be my funeral.
Every time I have a vision,
I see
a little bit more.[sighs]
I just need to
trigger one. Then I...
Ring, ring.
Your brain is calling.
It says, "Stop hurting me."
Someone could die, Kyle.
Yeah.
You.
Kyle's right.
I will figure
this out.
You should get to the hospital
and let him check you out.
All right.
Okay, but first,
um... [sniffles]
I'm just gonna-- I'm gonna
go to the Crashdown.
Because there's another clue
I haven't told you guys about.
I just want to...
check one more time, be sure.
Meet me on the roof?
♪
[exhales]
So, I was thinking--
since we're starting
this new project,
well, everything you said
about it so far
is vague and weirdly secretive,
what if...Uh, Heath, not now.
Can you go organize
a control group, please?
[stammers]
[chuckles]
Okay, come on.
All right? The suspense
is killing me, Roswell.
You got to let me in
a little deeper.
Now's not the time
for me to let you go in deeper.
[mutters]:
Nine, seven...
Look, I hope you don't think
that because of last night
things are...No, last night was fine.
I'm sorry, fine?
[stammers]
I'm just-- I'm stressed.
And I had to have these samples
overnighted from Libya,
and half of them are damaged.You're trying
to recreate
something that you once had
in Roswell, right?
You said
you were MacGyvering something
that caught Genoryx's eye there.
These Libyan samples
clearly are a Band-Aid.
So, why don't you
just go back home,
you know, get what you need?No.
I can hold down the fort
for a couple of days.
Yes, being able to study
the abnormal DNA
I had in Roswell
would accelerate
our research timeline
significantly,
but... all of my samples
were destroyed in a lab fire,
and I can't get any more, ever,
so there's nothing left
back there for me.
And, you know what,
there's clearly nothing left
for me here, either.
[inhales]
ISOBEL:
I don't understand.
If our mothers were
trying to save Max,
why was there some
rift between you?
It's complicated.Is it?
Because maybe you could've,
I don't know--
just spitballing here-- not
started an interplanetary war.
I didn't.Really?
Walk me through it, then.
You stepped off the ship.
You set fire...
Those men would have killed
all of us.
You are the reason
they wanted to kill us!
The reason they killed our moms.
Everyone
on that ship.
I wasn't even supposed
to be there.
I was trying to rescue Max.
Rescue Max from what?
From what happened to me.[sighs]
He still had a chance.
How did you even learn
about him?
Well, healing can create
a psychic connection.
Sometimes I would get
little flashes
or little bits
of memory.
One day, they threw
this half-dead rebel
down in front of me.
They wanted me to heal him
so they could keep torturing him
for what he knew.
And that's when I saw...
someone, chained up,
just like me.
♪
That's when you saw Max.
As soon as I found out
where they were holding him,
I broke loose.MICHAEL:
Real heroic.
You walked a few doors down,
and you busted him out.
That's the mule kick
of all of it.
The Dictator didn't have him.
Then who did?
Your mothers.
♪
Our mothers traveled
halfway across the universe
to save our lives.
They don't really seem
like the type
that would Frankenstein a kid.
Nora convinced The Dictator
that she was on his side.
She got injured one day.
He wanted me to save her life.
[groaning]
Looking back...
that's when she stole my DNA.
Mm-mm.Your moms had
the best of intentions.[groans]
I fully believe that.
But The Dictator, he...
he is unbeatable.
He had abilities
no one had ever seen.
What kind of abilities?
When I first got here,
I met a preacher
who told me
this story of a great flood.
Our world had a similar
catastrophe but with fire.
"And through the devastation
walked the one
who would become The Dictator."
The flames
couldn't touch him.
Word spread
that he was immune to death,
and a world rose in his image
from the ash.
Are you saying
that he was immortal?
No one knew for sure.
But there were rumors.
As for me
and Max,
we were just ammunition
caught in the middle
of an active war zone.
That's why I had to rescue him.
Nobody wants
to let a weapon go.
And we were
too useful
to be set free.
If you don't
believe me, ask Max.
He was there, too.
I don't need to.
Because I know the truth.
Are you really telling me you
wouldn't do anything you could
to protect the people you love?
That's why
you're still standing here,
isn't it?
ISOBEL:
Just because you don't
want to believe him
doesn't mean
he's not telling the truth.
And you think the truth is...
that our mothers made Max?
Well, someone did.
So why not let Discount Max
tell us his version
and go
from there?I cannot believe
you're actually buying
his bull...I'm not!
You think that Jones
is playing poker down there?
So do I.
The only difference is
I'm not trying
to show him our hand.
Everything he says is a lie!
Nobody lies about everything.
And I am willing
to bet that there is
at least some truth
to what he is saying.
Story time's over.And what exactly
did you hear down there
that proves
that Jones deserves to die, hmm?
Or did you stop listening
the minute he implied
that your mother's story is
a little less black-and-white
than you thought?[groans]
[shuddering exhale]
[birds chirping]
Maybe you're right.
I can't hear any more today.
Let's pick this
up tomorrow.
[high-pitched ringing]
[panting]
You think they're just
gonna leave us here to die?
Considering the fact
that they're
a top secret black ops
paramilitary group
with infinite resources, sir,
I think they'll do
whatever they want.
We've got to be
missing something.
[heart beating]
Heard there's a psych eval.
It's supposed to be brutal.
I noticed you're a pilot, sir.
Yeah.
May I ask what kind of bird?
Now?
We may not get the chance later.
Uh, Hornets.
This whole time,
I thought we were being tested.
But weweren't.
There are no Hornets
in the Air Force,
Colonel.
Business card reads,
"You have questions.
The answers lie right here."
Bronze Star, Air Medal.
Your salad bar's so impressive,
I almost missed the flaw
in your Commander's Badge.
I overslept.
I...Colonels don't oversleep.
Integrity first,
service before self
and excellence
in all that we do.
The core values
of the Air Force, represented
by three diamonds underneath
the star of this badge.
Except your badge
has four diamonds.
[groans]
Lost the office pool
by six minutes.
[laughs]
You care for a soda?
The chemists on level three
make it in-house.
You said that your work
in Roswell was lost forever.
Well, for a moment,
I would like to explore
a slightly different
possibility.
This rum is a type
that some people thought
would never be made again,
mainly because the trees
that the barrels
were made from--
the barrels being a
very important part
of making rum, as I'm
sure you know-- well,
that tree no longer exists.
But do you think
that the rum makers
let that stop them?
Uh, is there a way
to make you stop this?
In both cases,
the correct answer would be no.
They found samples
of the extinct tree in, uh,
you know, old antique furniture,
burnt-out barns...
Yeah, if there's a point,
let's just get there.
They made booze
from germinated bacterium.
Extinct bacterium.
My point is nothing is
lost forever, Roswell.
We will find a way. I promise.
You're a genius.
Uh...
Where are you going?Uh, dinner.
This Friday. Italian.
And I like the ocean.
Well, that worked.
All right. What is up here
that connects to your vision?
Technically? Nothing.
We're here
to trigger my next one.
What? I-I thought you said
you couldn't control them.
I can't. But I think adrenaline
is a way to trick my mind.
I-If this is what
I think it is...What do you think this is?
Listen, I don't know
how these visions work.
But I know
when I'm afraid for my life,
I get another glimpse.
So...
[exhales]
[grunts]
So, I'm gonna jump off the roof.
You're gonna catch me.
Get back from the ledge, Maria.
You want to know whose
funeral it was, too.
But none of us
want to go to yours.
If you don't get down,
I'm calling this in.
No, you won't.
I got a 10-51...
[grunts]
Do you really trust the guy
that just short-circuited
his own radio?
Not at all. But I
know when I'm scared,
it triggers another vision.KYLE:
This isn't gonna work.
His heart isn't strong
enough to catch you.
There's a part of the vision
I didn't share yet.
After Alex said that we
were covering up a murder,
I said that it was all my fault.
That could mean a lot of things.
None of them I can live with.
This is reckless.That's kind of the point.
We can find a different way.We don't have time!
Maria, my heart.Think fast, Evans.
No!Maria, don't!
[panting]
Thanks a lot, Guerin!
Do you want to tell me why
you just jumped off a building?
Max was supposed to catch me.
What are you doing here?
If Max even tried to catch you,
he'd be puking his guts out
right now.
Yeah, I know that.
That's why I asked him, not you.
I needed to be scared.
Your abilities are the only ones
that don't have limits.
You really never noticed that?
What?
I'm not like you, Guerin.
I can't just sit
on a barstool somewhere,
pretending that nothing matters.
Someone is getting murdered.
If I have to
scare myself to death
to find out who and why,
I'm damn well gonna do it.
[sighs]
Have you made up your mind yet?
About killing me?
[chuckles]
What would you do?
If you were us?
Depends.
How bad is he?
I could tell he was sick
the moment I touched him.
How long have I been down here?
A week? A month?
A year.
And now...
Max is running out of time.
I know you're upset
about Wyatt.
♪ Every step is moving...
What's the point in trying if
I can never escape who I was?
You already have.
You've been sober
for almost a year now.
Rosalinda has been sober.
Rosa is not even
supposed to exist.
Okay, I-I could
have one bad day
and literally lose everything.
Is this really
about what happened with Wyatt?
Or is it about you?
'Cause as far
as I can tell,
for the first time
in a long time,
you're really trying.
♪ We walk on the moon...
That must be scary.
I mean, what if you fail?
Exactly.
What if I do fail?
[inhales]
Hmm.
Lately, I've been feeling like
failing's all I do.
[chuckles softly]
I can't tell if it's
a reason to give up
or if it's a reason
to keep going.
I mean, obviously,
you should keep going.
If you quit, people die.
Death isn't the only reason
to try.
You know?
Life's a pretty good reason
in and of itself.
You still pissed at me?
Less, considering
you spent the day
helping to keep Maria
in one piece.
Well, that's progress.
I want to see how you do
in the bonus round.
You remember anything else
about the home planet?
About Jones?
I should've asked you
a year ago.
I know. I didn't want to.
I can't afford
to ignore it any longer, can I?
You're about to die.
There's no more time
to be stupid
and scared.
Well, I'm sorry.
I was scared, too.
Yeah, I thought
if I could just cowboy my way
into my final sunset,
then I wouldn't have to...
face the hard part.
I did remember something.
It's more a feeling
than an actual...
an actual memory, but...
[sighs]
That night we found Jones,
I saw something.
See, I had always thought
Louise was
setting me free.
[grunts]
But now I don't know.
I-I don't know if her and Nora
were trying to save me...
...or...
...trying to stop Jones
from rescuing me away.
I just remember I ran to him.
And that he felt safe.
I didn't want to ruin
your memories of your mother
for a feeling I
barely understand.
I get it.
There's no "guy who shows up
with your face" handbook, okay?
That's why I need you to
finish the cage, Michael.
I need answers.
What kind of answers?
I'm a clone.
Somebody made me,
and I want to know why.
There's a reason I exist,
and he is holed up out
in a cave in the desert.
I don't know. I mean,
I guess I always
deep-down knew that...
[sniffles]
I was different.
I've been running
from that my whole life.
Only thing I know for sure is...
I got to talk to Jones. Now.
'Cause I can't face my maker
till I face him first.
'Cause maybe
they are one and the same.
And what happens
when you don't like the answers
Mr. Universe has for you?
Does anybody?
Can you heal him?
I don't know. I'm not exactly
in fightin' shape.
Do you want to?
I traveled across the galaxy
to save that kid.
I told myself,
if I could do right by him,
maybe it would erase
everything I've done.
Ain't nothin' changed.
Well...
I wouldn't drink it all
at once if I were you.
Your liver's probably
not doing so hot.
You should know...
...when I touched Max, I didn't
just see that he was sick.
I caught glimpses
of a lot of things.
Like how much
you love those boys,
and how much they love you.
I saw something else, too.
They underestimate you,
don't they?
Let me guess.
You don't.
All I'm saying is
I'm not surprised.
Same thing happened
to your mother.
People thought she was weak
because she felt things.
The truth is, she was...
she was good.
Yeah, but...
Louise was so, so strong.
Once in a blue moon,
maybe we're blessed
with someone who's both.
I know my life is
in your hands,
and I want you to know
I'm okay with that.
'Cause I know,
whatever you decide...
that'll be what's right.
[muttering]
[panting]
[exhales]
[cries]
[screams]
[distant thump]
[thump, dog barking]
[dogs barking]
[Wyatt whimpers]ROSA: Oh, my God. [gasps]
[sighs]
Wyatt.
[chuckles]Hey.
Hi.Hi.
What are you doing here?Oh, I was just...
trying to say thank you
for everything.
Lady at the store--
she said that these
are the best paint pens
for drawing on canvas.
For your shoes. I-I noticed
you drew on your shoes.
Thank you.
I was actually gonna
come and see if you were okay.
But then I was worried
that your family might shoot me.
Yeah, they're, uh...
Backwards-thinking racists?
Well, thank you for the pens.
Uh...Bye.
All right, yeah.
I'll see you... Rosalinda.Okay.
[laughs]
So, you're obviously
not a colonel.
[laughs]What should I call you?
Name's Eduardo Ramos.
But you can call me "boss."
[laughs softly]
We call it "The
Lockhart Machine,"
after the first man
who ever tried
to crack it, Private
Ryan Lockhart.
He went crazy trying
to figure it out.
A lot of
good men have.What does it do?
Well, that's just it.
After all this time,
we still only know what we knew
when we first began
studying it 50 years ago.
Every 47 days, at 11:11 p.m.,
it turns on
for precisely one minute.
When's the last time
it turned on?
46 days ago.
We can assign you a different
project, if you'd rather.
No. I'll take this one.
Welcome to Deep Sky, Alex.
Mmm.
[flames roaring]
JONES:
Nora convinced The Dictator
that she was on his side.
He had abilities
no one had ever seen.
Your abilities are the only ones
that don't have limits.
The flames couldn't touch him.
[sighs]
♪ I fear
♪ That I am ordinary
♪ Just like everyone
♪ To lie here...
Do you know what an overdose
of adrenaline does to the body?
I told you he'd say no.
♪ Adrift among the days...
I didn't say no.
If I can keep my
favorite bartender
from jumping
off buildings,
well, that seems to fall
under that "do no harm" banner.
♪ And dead
♪ As all things
must surely have to end ♪
♪ And great loves
will one day have to part... ♪
You didn't know I was cop.
Nope.
But... you're a cop.
When I'm not stopping
virtual strangers
from reading my
unfinished novel, yeah.
Are these song lyrics?
An article, actually.
You're a reporter?
Here to investigate Roswell's
recent rise
in racial crimes,
the new sheriff's
questionable record
and, of course,
the existence of aliens.
At least two of those things.
Welcome to Roswell, Anatsa.
♪ And great loves
will one day have to part... ♪
Good thing it was just
a one-night stand, Deputy.
I doubt your boss would like you
sleeping with the enemy.
If at any point
you experience numbness,
pounding in your neck or ears,
or start foaming at the mouth,
we need to call 911.
I'll probably
go to jail,
but on the bright side,
you won't be dead.
Are you sure about this?
Yeah. Sure.
♪ And I knew...
Why would The Dictator
help my mother?
Some things are
better left buried.
♪ And I knew...
There's only one option
I can think of.
I'm the product of it, aren't I?
♪ The echo that is love...
I'm The Dictator's son.
♪ The secrets in your spires
♪ And I knew...
I know I'm right.
♪ And I knew
Say it.
♪ The solitude of heart
♪ And I knew
the murmurs of the soul... ♪
You're his heir.
♪ And the world is drawn
into your hands ♪
♪ And the world is etched
upon your heart ♪
♪ And the world
so hard to understand ♪
♪ And the world...
[gasps]
♪ And I knew
the silence of the world ♪
♪ And I knew the silence
of the world ♪
Liz.
♪ And I knew
the silence of the world ♪
Max.
♪ And I knew the silence
of the world ♪
♪ And I knew
the silence of the world. ♪